Assignment 5 readme File

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your name?

Valeria Torres-Olivares

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your name?

Kevin Castro

------------------------------------------------------------------------
How many late days are you using on this assignment?
None


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through e-mail.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What authorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? COPY THE LIST of authorized sources of
information given in the "Policies" web page to this section of the
readme file, and edit it as appropriate.

The course's lectures.

The course's precepts.

The course's website.

Documents that are referenced directly by the course's website. Such documents include the course's lecture slides and precept handouts.

The course's textbooks.

The man pages on the armlab cluster.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through office hours.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through meetings.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through Ed.

The course's current staff members outside of class time through e-mail.

Current lab teaching assistants through visits to the course labs.


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What unauthorized sources of information did you use to
complete the assignment? List any unauthorized sources of information
that you used to complete the assignment, and describe how you used
them. The course "Policies" web page defines unauthorized sources of
information, and any source that you have used but not listed in the
authorized sources should be included here. Please note that using an
unauthorized source may trigger a course penalty, and depending on the
nature of the interaction, may additionally require the interaction
being reported to the Committee on Discipline. Write "None" if you used
no unauthorized sources of information.

None

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 1: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

This assignment was fun, almost like a game. There was a learning 
learning curve, but I ended up enjoying it until it. I think the adcs 
challenge part should have actually been extra credit not “challenge 
credit” due to it not being covered in class material. Interesting 
nonetheless.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Student 2: What is your assessment of the assignment? Was it helpful?
Was it fun?

Working with assembly for the first time was pretty fun. It was nice to
know how the code is assembled. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
(optional) What information can you provide about your submission that
will help your grader to grade it in the most favorable light? In
particular, what bugs are in your submission?
We attempted to optimize our code even further in part 2f. We 
successfully optimized the assembly language code by using the assembly 
language guarded loop pattern and placing the code for BigInt_larger 
within the BigInt_add function. However, when trying to implement adcs 
we came across an Addition overflow that we did not know how to solve,as
it was the challenge portion and we could not recieve any help. We have 
the implementation saved on another file just in case. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What is your mywc program test plan?
We are going to test all aspects of the word count programs: which are 
number of lines inlcuded, the number of characters, and number of words.
We will vary all of tests to make sure it covers all the extremes, when 
there are no lines, when there are only all lines, when there are no 
characters, 

Boundary tests
mywc1char.txt- Contains only 1 char so mywc.s and mywc.c will only count
 1 character with 1 word and 0 lines

mywc1line.txt- Contains only 1 line so mywc.s and mywc.c will only count 
1 line and no characters or words

mywc1word.txt- Contains only 1 word so mywc.s and mywc.c will only count 
1 word, the number of characters in that word and 0 lines

mywclines.txt- Contains only lines so mywc.s and mywc.c will only count 
the number of lines with no characters and no words

mywcspace.txt- Contains only a space so mywc.s and mywc.c will only count 
1 space character and no words or lines

Statement tests
mywcnumbers.txt: The file contains many numbers, a few lines, and some 
words. The file contains 3 lines, 10 words, and 247 characters

mywcpoetry.txt: Contains a poem by Edgar Alan Poe.It contains 21 lines,
164 words, and 754 characters. In it are a mix of letters, words, and 
some special characters.

mywcwordswithnum.txt: Contains words with numbers. Tests to count the 
different variety of lines, words,and characters.The file contains 2 
lines, 14 words, 83 characters

Stress tests
mywcrandom.txt- Contains most of the printable ASCII values. We check to
see if all the characters are counted. The output should be 7 lines , 
67 words, and 683 characters.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
What are the CPU times consumed by the programs from Parts 2a, 2b, 2d,
2e, and 2f to compute fib(250000) on armlab? Fill in the blanks.

Part 2a:  12.080000 seconds

Part 2b:  2.990000 seconds

Part 2d:  10.420000 seconds

Part 2e:  3.850000 seconds

Part 2f:  3.700000 seconds




